(One Night Two Days)
(Hot summer has passed.)
(And there's a cooler breeze now.)
(Leaves turn red and yellow.)
(Cosmos blooms in our front yards.)
It's now the fall.
Yes, and the fall night deepens.
(Now a fall night deepens.)
(Slapping)
There are insects everywhere.
I know.
Yes, especially mayflies.
One Night Two Days celebrates its...
10-year anniversary this year.
Jong Min has been with the show...
during his 20s, 30s, and 40s.
- Is that so?
- Yes.
- I started in my 20s.
- Are you already 40?
No, I'm 39.
It'll be true if the
show airs next year too.
Anyway, the show was able to air...
for such a long time...
thanks to the love and support...
- of our viewers.
- I agree.
The viewers of our show
aren't like the others.
I had time to think about it.
Most viewers watch shows
because they're fun,
but our viewers tune into our show...
like a habit almost every week.
I agree with what Dong Gu said.
Sometimes, it wasn't funny.
- Of course.
- For many episodes.
Even when it was...
- They were loyal.
- Exactly!
- They were loyal viewers.
- Yes, loyal.
But many still want us
to shut down production.
(A harsh fact)
We should face reality.
(He speaks ill of their own show.)
I'd like to take this opportunity...
to bow down to our viewers.
I agree.
You've been with the show for 10 years.
So say you're grateful
and we'll bow with you.
We didn't make it this far because of...
what we did on the show.
We owe it to all the viewers...
who adored us dearly.
We wish to be in your good graces...
for 10 more years to come.
Thank you.
- Thank you.
Airing for 10 years is
an incredible milestone.
Thank you so much.
You shouldn't sneak glances while bowing.
(Giggling)
- All right.
- Let's have a seat.
To say thank you to our viewers today,
we will look back on the 10 years...
of One Night Two Days.
The 10 years?
- Here you go.
- We went to many places.
It's a single card.
- The pilot episode.
- The pilot?
- Well...
- This you should know.
- Jong Min, come on.
- What was the season?
- What year was it?
- This is what I remember.
- 10 years ago, of course.
The opening took place at a toll gate.
It was also a very hot day.
(They first met the viewers...)
(on a hot summer day in 2007.)
One Night...
(Thanks to your constant
love and support, )
- Two Days.
(we're still with you on this very day.)
The number of locations
we visited add up to...
I wonder how many.
151 places.
- 151?
- We also went to...
- places multiple times.
- My gosh, 151.
(We welcomed warm spring 10 times.)
(We felt the vibrant energy of summer.)
(In the fall too, )
(we visited Korea's exquisite beauty.)
When did we have so many guests?
223 people joined us on our trips.
Really?
- 223 people?
How come I only remember Han Hyo Joo?
(In Tae Hyun's memories, )
(only Hyo Joo's smile from
last spring remains.)
- Not you guys too.
- No, it's someone else.
- Who?
- Park Shin Hye.
We had to jump to see her.
(She who made their morning brighter)
(Morning fairy, Park Shin Hye)
(How could you be sleepy
after a glimpse of her?)
- There was Suzy.
- And Sae Kyeong.
- Hyun A too.
- Right.
Don't you want to go back to that time?
(Suzy was the first morning fairy.)
(She even cooked them an early breakfast.)
(She woke them up by playing the piano.)
(Morning fairy Sae Kyeong)
(Sometimes they gave the
members butterflies.)
(Sometimes they brought them laughter.)
(How can love fade away?)
(Follow me!)
Follow me!
(They let go of all inhibitions...)
(which we are grateful for.)
No way!
150 crew members help with...
the production of the show.
150?
Does that include those
who edit the scenes?
- Yes, everyone.
- I see.
Joon Ho was first to buy them dinner...
when he won the Grand Award.
It cost me about three big ones.
- Kim Joon Ho.
- Kim Joon Ho!
(Joon Ho bought dinner...)
(after winning the 2013 KBS Grand Award.)
(It included all the
staff and the members.)
(What he had to pay was through the roof.)
You have to buy pork and
twice the amount of beef.
- Eel too.
- That you buy the most.
We should start a private fund.
He's right about starting one.
- We need insurance.
- Yes, exactly.
It's actually quite scary to win an award.
- Of course.
- We'll be in the red.
Right.
The numbers show that we have made history.
I'm sure we brought back many memories.
To commemorate our 10-year anniversary,
we asked the viewers...
a few questions on our website.
(The 10-year Anniversary Survey)
(Viewers replied with
many ideas and comments.)
Who here participated or saw the questions?
I did see it on the website.
- Really?
- Yes, but...
I couldn't find the link
although I tried twice.
- He's bad with computers.
- Right.
- I used my cell phone.
- It should've worked.
- That's not it.
- He's bad with this.
He should get himself a private tutor.
We made sure that it could be accessed.
- So there was a survey.
- Right.
We asked the viewers to vote on a ranking.
One of the questions was this.
"What is the word that sums up the show?"
- Our roulette games.
- Of course.
- Yes, our games.
- I agree.
That has to be it.
(Their games based on chance ranked first.)
The game that I remember the most...
is the one we did in Chinatown.
- Right.
- Of course!
I almost had a heart attack.
Joo Hyuk even said that
he'd leave the show.
(One team was to go home early.)
Let's go!
(The suspense almost killed them that day.)
Which team is it?
(Sleeping outdoors)
(The joy was double the size.)
(The other team slept...)
(where the marathon was to take place.)
The one I remember...
was the big ladder game we played.
- We'd follow the lines.
- Oh, that one.
We had to immediately take a dive.
I was the unlucky one that day.
- Right.
- Of course.
(On the 1-year anniversary of Season 3)
(They failed their mission, )
(so 2 had to take a dive in the water.)
(Joon Young was selected.)
(It was a cold winter day.)
(Joon Young was the unlucky one.)
- Good job.
- Goodness.
In me and Joon Ho's case...
- The octopus fishing.
- Exactly.
(The horrifying octopus fishing)
I remember the game being difficult too.
(Yangjangpi)
(4 years ago, someone else was...)
(also unlucky on a winter day.)
(Thankfully, he wasn't flying solo.)
I wasn't going to say this but...
(Jong Min sought out his fishing partner.)
- Your sister...
- We get it.
(He was ungrateful to
Joon Ho even though...)
(Joon Ho hosted his sister's wedding.)
How could you?
(Joon Ho collapsed out of frustration.)
Gosh!
(The two went through quite an ordeal...)
(4 years ago on a winter day.)
Oh no.
Dong Gu, what about you?
Dong Gu has only himself to blame.
That's true.
Why are you good at beating me though?
I haven't said this before,
but as an actor, I had to watch what I ate.
I didn't want to look bloated...
on set the next day.
But I always win when I'm on your team.
- So it was damaging.
- I didn't want to eat,
but I always won when I'm on your team.
You're nothing but a meal to him.
He thinks of you as that.
To him, your name is Gimbap.
I'm like a tasty gimbap.
Gosh.
Let me ask you another.
Which is the best location
we've ever been to?
- Harbin.
- The ice lantern...
festival was amazing.
The Ahn Jung Geun Tour we went on...
had a great impact.
(They visited Harbin last winter.)
(It looked like the castle from "Frozen".)
(There they encountered...)
(Ahn Jung Geun's footsteps.)
It's exactly 10 steps.
(They felt his breaths...)
(as they ruminated on the meaning.)
(The series moved the
viewers as well as...)
(the member of One Night Two Days.)
My favorite place is where we ate lunch...
- on the Jong Min Special.
- It was incredible.
- I mean...
- Of course!
The day you got angry over a cucumber.
- It was because of him.
- "Jong Min, put it down."
(They went to Boriam hermitage...)
(on the Jong Min Special.)
What a view!
(There we saw...)
(a different side to Jong Min.)
- What is it?
- Why are you eating?
They let me.
(They helped Jong Min eat
at least something.)
- Good.
- Gosh.
(Director Yoo didn't allow it...)
(and Jong Min got angry
for the first time.)
- The view was incredible.
- I know.
Don't you remember the cliff?
- That's right.
- Is where...
we went diving in Ulleungdo?
Yes, that place.
I hear that the place became popular...
after our show aired.
- That's right.
- Joon Ho didn't jump.
- We should go again.
(Ulleungdo, the place of
extraordinary beauty)
(They enjoyed jumping off a cliff.)
(The two chickens couldn't move an inch.)
(Maybe they will this summer though.)
What came in first place?
- Mount Baekdu?
- That must be it.
- Mount Baekdu.
- I guess you're right.
In first place is Mount Baekdu.
- That's right.
- Of course.
It had to be that.
They poured in water from Jeju Island.
We're almost there.
(9 years ago, they visited Mount Baekdu.)
(It was particularly moving...)
(since it's not easily reachable.)
(They brought water from Dokdo, )
(the island on the far end of the east.)
(Water from Baengnyeongdo was also added.)
Mix in with the rest!
(It was our wish to see
all of it become one.)
And now we begin...
the One Night Two Days Awards.
- An award ceremony?
- Is there a Grand Award?
He will have to buy dinner.
The one with the most awards...
can be the winner.
- That's a good idea.
- So today...
He'll buy us beef right after the shoot.
(The winner will buy beef!)
- Okay.
- Got it.
- Beef.
- That includes...
the previous members of the show.
Of course.
We should contact them.
In 1, 2, 3.
- Hold on.
- Are you insane?
(One Night Two Days Awards)
(They will guess who topped the chart.)
(For a correct answer, a
snack will be given.)
Jong Min, oh no.
I think we'll be eating beef today.
We're all getting a bite to eat!
(Best late night snacks are prepared.)
(Wouldn't you like a bite too?)
One Night Two Days Awards.
Here's the first category.
It's the Most Handsome Award.
Should we stay objective or not?
I really don't know how
to answer this question.
The candidates were you...
and everyone from the past seasons.
If only I participated in the survey!
Right.
I already wrote down a name.
I wrote it down.
You can't write your own name.
Should we be considering Joo Hyuk?
Come on.
- Of course not.
- Even I'm better looking.
Joo Hyuk's closer to a squid.
(Joo Hyuk, the squid)
I haven't said this before,
but he's even beneath me.
(Joo Hyuk gets squashed
by the three menaces.)
Please keep in mind...
the fans of the candidates.
Of course. It can only be one person.
No one can beat him.
- Of course.
- Most Handsome Award.
Write it down.
I know I have it right.
Stop peeking!
- That's not it.
- You were looking.
No one can argue with the winner.
- All right. In 1, 2, 3.
- In 1, 2, 3.
- There.
- It's Lee Seung Gi.
- Of course it is.
- He wrote Dong Gu down.
- No way.
- Really?
He's the most recent member.
Out of everyone on the show,
- he had the most fans.
- Of course.
Also, everyone liked him
regardless of their age.
The impact he had was incredible.
Why was Joo Hyuk not
even considered though?
- Stop that.
- It can't be him.
To me, Joo Hyuk's a top celebrity.
Then why didn't you write down his name?
It's because I wanted to eat.
See?
Let's see his infamous video once again.
Cue!
Kill the dog...
(Kill the dog even when
the hunting isn't over.)
What does that even mean?
(Stand in the corner over there!)
(Him saying the proverb
wrong was legendary.)
Five of you wrote Lee Seung Gi,
while Joon Young wrote Dong Gu.
I just badly wanted to eat.
That is most important.
- 5th?
- Who do you think...
- came in 5th?
- Could it be one of us?
- Is it Defconn?
- Or Joon Ho?
It's Kim Joo Hyuk.
No way!
See? What did I tell you?
So Joo Hyuk's in fifth place.
- Gosh.
- Congratulations.
Congratulations. Anyway,
we can say that we beat him then.
Of course.
I'm sure we rank above him.
Now for the fourth place.
- What about Tae Hyun?
- It should be...
one of us.
In fourth place is Joon Young.
(Fourth place, Jung Joon Young)
You're better looking than Joo Hyuk!
You should be happy.
- Congratulations.
- Above me are...
Dong Gu, Lee Seung Gi, and Joo Won.
What?
I guess I should be happy then.
- You're handsome.
- Congratulations.
- You're good looking.
You still beat a lot of people.
- That's a relief.
- You beat at least 15.
In third place is...
- Is it Tae Hyun?
- He's looking at Dong Gu.
Is it Dong Gu? He's looking
in this direction.
(They're the handsome ones here.)
Is it me?
Why are you looking at me?
- He was looking at me.
- No, me.
No, me!
You two probably came in last.
- In third place is...
- Hurry up already.
It's Dong Gu.
(3rd place, Yoon Dong Gu)
- There you go.
- He's not in first place.
This isn't at all fun.
- Of course it's him.
- Thank you.
Anyone can tell that he's handsome.
- That I guarantee.
- Gosh.
Will I be the only one left out?
The winner received 24
percent of the votes.
It's Eun Ji Won.
- What?
- Thank goodness.
- He's in first place?
- Gosh.
- What?
- No way.
- Really?
- Are you sure?
Ji Won and I aren't that much different.
This must be a joke.
- Is it really Ji Won?
- He's not a member...
of Sechs Kies for nothing.
(He's forever our leader.)
(Leader Eun is back!)
What do you mean he's just like you?
Say that to his fans.
Go ahead.
His fans already know.
How many votes did Seung Gi get?
He received 21 percent of the votes.
So it was quite close.
The ranking doesn't end
at the top five though.
In 13th place is...
- 13th place?
- Who is it?
- It's Defconn.
- What about Joon Ho?
- Me?
How many are there in total?
- The fans...
- Thank you.
- Out of how many?
I must've ranked higher than some.
You're 13th out of 13 people.
- I don't think so.
- There are 17 at least.
I at least beat some.
- Gosh.
- I'll keep on going.
In 10th place is...
- 10th place.
It's Kim Joon Ho.
(10th place, Kim Joon Ho)
Thank you so much.
(Laughing boisterously)
At least it's not Jong Min.
I'm in 13th place.
That means you're handsome.
(They're not laughing on the inside.)
Why isn't Tae Hyun on the ranking?
In eighth place is Tae Hyun.
- Finally.
- Gosh.
I knew you'd be on the list.
- Is this a joke?
- Unbelievable.
- Stop messing with me.
- Hold on.
Stop fooling around.
- I knew you'd be called.
- Right.
7th or 8th.
- Is this for real?
- Only Jong Min's left.
- Is he below 10th?
- This is nerve-wracking.
Jong Min...
(Everyone has a spot on the ranking.)
Jong Min is in seventh place.
(7th place, Kim Jong Min)
I lost to Jong Min.
(Tae Hyun is humiliated.)
I'm sorry. I really am.
This can't be.
I'm so sorry.
- Is this a foot?
- Goodness.
Is this a foot on your head?
I'm sorry.
You're Mr. Handsome.
The ranking makes no sense at all.
Some just vote for a funny result.
There are people who do that.
Our viewers are very objective.
- This can't be.
- Look at Tae Hyun.
I'm not sure if you are handsome.
He kind of looks like a fly.
Since no one guessed
correctly in this round,
the food will be untouched.
Can the next round be for two bites?
(Bring it on!)
Next up is the Squid Award.
- What's that?
- The least handsome?
It's the opposite of the previous ranking.
Can I write Yu Hae Jin
when we're not friends?
(Yu Hae Jin has been summoned.)
- How could you?
- I couldn't write that.
Just so you know, I'm a huge fan of his.
- He's not.
- Write it down already.
Hold on a second.
Hurry up.
I can see whose name you wrote.
It's Defconn.
(D in Defconn is easily visible.)
Who wrote my name? Who is it?
This can't be fixed.
You can't all write down one name.
He ranked 13th in the previous ranking.
(Gosh)
- Let's reveal it.
- Oh no.
- In 1, 2, 3.
- Is this really okay?
My gosh.
- Sung Si Kyung?
- Him without the glasses.
Kim Jong Min!
(Tae Hyun still holds a grudge.)
I won't forget that I was humiliated.
Three of you wrote down my name.
Who else can it be?
- Squid of the universe.
- The pig squid.
This is humiliating.
Let's see if there's a twist.
- I won't be in 5th place.
- Here's who's in 5th.
- All right.
- Here it is.
It's the fresh squid.
- Let's say cuttlefish.
- Cuttlefish!
Kim Jong Min.
(What?)
- Really?
- Are you sure?
- What?
- This is insane.
But I was in seventh place earlier.
The ranking earlier was just done for fun.
Jong Min is a cuttlefish.
Who's the baby octopus then?
I'm fine as long as I don't come in last.
- In fourth place is...
- Please.
He is a baby octopus.
- A baby octopus?
- Yes.
- A baby octopus.
- Right.
It's Joon Ho.
(4th place, baby octopus)
- Hold on.
- What did I tell you?
People say that...
I'm handsome for a comedian.
- Look here.
- It's true.
Why don't we make some salted baby octopus?
I've even modeled for magazines.
- Unbelievable.
- Have a seat.
Hi, Mr. Cuttlefish.
Hello there.
This is what makes our show so funny.
In third place is the long-legged octopus.
In third place is Kang Ho Dong.
(3rd place, Kang Ho Dong)
- Of course.
- We're better looking.
You shouldn't say that though.
He's a long-legged octopus.
(3rd place, long-legged octopus)
Hold on. This means I
could be in the top two.
You don't know that.
Please let it be him.
Let me tell you who's in the top two.
It's Defconn.
- And Hae Jin.
- I knew it.
Please.
Oh, no. Stop frowning.
You look like a squid squirming.
Please.
- Please.
Please don't make me win first place.
Could you please sit down?
You smell like gochujang.
The winner got...
43 percent of the votes.
- 43 percent?
He won by a landslide.
- Squid Award goes to...
- Please. I don't want it.
Defconn.
(Praise the squid!)
- Squid!
Squid!
(I'm sorry that I'm ugly)
(I'm sorry.)
(I'm sorry that I'm fat and ugly.)
(Stop it!)
What are you doing?
What is this?
(We appreciate your handsome face.)
What on earth are you doing?
Why did you waste money on such a thing?
- What does it say?
- It says "Squid Award".
My goodness.
- Congratulations.
- Squid Award.
Is it shaped after a squid?
I appreciate the viewers' interest in me.
- What a good-looking man.
- Take off your glasses.
Make a bow to the viewers.
All right. Let's take a
picture to celebrate it.
- Please raise your head.
- I love you. 1, 2, 3.
Good.
(1st place, Defconn)
You look like a squid.
Thank you, everyone.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
That you won 43 percent
of the votes means...
almost half of all Korean citizens...
Don't be so mean to him.
Sometimes when I sleep outdoors,
I find him sleeping next
to me in the morning.
His face without glasses scares me...
because it's so ugly.
(The 2nd attack)
- He's a squid.
- I told you guys already.
Honestly, that being said...
You know, we played "Scrubbing Game" once.
When you were soaked in water...
(His ugliness was very intimidating.)
It's because he was not wearing glasses.
His skin was so pale.
- It was.
- It's so pale.
His skin is as soft as that of babies'.
- It looked very soft.
- Yes.
- But announcers like him.
- You're right.
- Come on.
- Cheer up.
- Thank you.
- I saw on the internet...
that many girls picked
you as their ideal type.
- That's right.
- Right.
Many people like to eat squid as snack.
(People like to eat squid as snack.)
- People love squids.
- Something to chew.
People like to have something to chew.
Thank you.
Let each member get one at least. Please.
I should take some action.
From now on, you can take two bites.
I'm so jealous.
Can we take 1 bite?
- 1 bite?
No, we can take two bites.
- I'm going with jokbal.
- Try some chicken.
Thank you for the food.
It's nice to eat the food outdoors.
Let me take a drumstick.
- It looks tasty.
- He just had a bite.
- Joon Ho, you had a bite.
- That was a bite.
- You had a bite.
You had a bite. You can't take it back.
- You already had a bite.
- It went into his mouth.
Let me go for my second bite then.
It looks tasty. It looks so tasty.
Hurry up.
(To make up for his lost first bite, )
(he squeezes the whole
piece into his mouth.)
- It looks tasty.
- It looks dry.
Can you eat seafood as a seafood yourself?
- My gosh.
- Of course, Mr. Squid.
- It's my turn.
- It has collagen in it.
- Collagen.
- He's ready.
Here it goes.
(The eyeing guys don't matter to him...)
(because it tastes so good.)
How can I eat the chicken?
(Joon Young wants to eat the chicken.)
- Take one bite.
- Only one bite?
We're not that strict.
(He's generous to Joon Young only.)
Take a drumstick.
But you were so strict to him earlier.
Joon Young, take a whole drumstick.
He's only strict to Joon Ho...
because he's a baby octopus.
- I'll eat the chicken.
- A chicken wing.
- Enjoy.
- Thank you.
It's my treat. Enjoy.
Thank you for being ugly.
You're welcome.
I'm born to feed you guys.
I want to eat some more.
The next award is...
Stupidest Member Award.
(Stupidest Member Award)
Let's all have a bite.
Shall we all have a bite each?
What's the most common comment you get?
- Me?
- Stupid.
(I'll keep it short.)
Stupid.
- Hurry up.
- It's a very easy one.
It's so easy that even
children can answer it.
My image has changed...
a lot recently.
- All right.
- It sure has.
Why don't you just write your own name?
Hurry up. Why take so long?
It's difficult.
Did you forget your own name?
Hey. Dong Gu.
I'm not that stupid.
Why did you write "Kim"?
Are you really going to
write your own name?
- Yes.
- My goodness.
You want to eat the food, don't you?
- You want the food.
- I don't want to...
- admit it, but...
- He wants the food.
- Seriously?
- All right.
- One...
- Is it unanimous?
- 2, 3.
- This doesn't feel right.
(They all wrote Jong Min's name.)
It might be wrong. It's too obvious.
Let me announce the ranking. Fifth place...
goes to Joon Young.
It's not that surprising.
It means he doesn't know some things.
- Fifth place? No problem.
- No problem.
Actually, it looks cool
when he's like that.
He doesn't know things, but his JQ is high.
- JQ?
- What is JQ?
It means he's proficient at cheap tricks.
- I've never heard of it.
- What does J stand for?
(What does J stand for?)
(What a silly question.)
My goodness.
I'm sure everyone will get to eat.
It's annoying such a guy
is better-looking than me.
It must feel horrible.
Fourth place goes to Soo Geun.
Soo Geun.
Soo Geun doesn't know much about proverbs.
(The ear of the horse)
(It hurts.)
(At a quiz game held on one day in 2010)
(Soo Geun was even more
ignorant than Jong Min.)
You beat Jong Min.
- "It hurts"?
Those who are ranked higher than third...
are really stupid ones.
This is where the real match begins.
3rd place... - 3rd place is not bad.
Goes to Joon Ho.
(3rd place, Kim Joon Ho)
I didn't see this coming.
- Hang on a second.
- What a stupid.
You know I was the quiz
champion several times.
Stop pretending to be smart.
- This is unexpected.
- The viewers chose you.
I guess they picked me for no reason.
(As one of the members of Season 1,)
(he entertained us with
ridiculous answers.)
(The nominee number 1, Eun Ji Won)
It doesn't look nice.
(His dumbness has 10 years of tradition.)
Give it a try.
- If possible...
- That's not what I meant.
(He is dumb in so many different ways.)
(The nominee number 2, Kim Jong Min)
Stupidest Member Award goes to...
Jong Min.
(Jong Min wins Stupidest Member Award.)
- Congratulations.
- Stupid Kim.
(Look at the stupidest man.)
Thank you.
(It's somehow touching.)
The title is written in big red letters.
(The title "Stupidest Member" stands out.)
1, 2...
(Congratulations)
Thank you.
Now, it's time to take a bite.
The quiz was too easy.
- What should I eat?
We all got the answer correctly.
I feel like eomuk. No, I don't want it.
Do you think I'm stupid?
Give it to Jong Min.
Jong Min, did you write your own name?
Yes, I did.
There was no other way. I wanted the food.
- There was no other way.
- You did a good job.
It looks amazing.
- It tastes good.
- Take a big bite.
Take one big bite.
(Thanks to Jong Min, )
(everyone took a bite each.)
- Thank you, Jong Min.
- Thank you.
Thank you for being dumb.
Thank you for being stupid, Jong Min.
It's a dinner party.
(They had an unexpected dinner party.)
It's my treat.
The next award is for
the unluckiest member.
It's Misfortune Award.
Hang on a second. It's
going to be a close match.
Jong Min is also quite unlucky.
He already won an award,
so it might not be him.
(But)
(Is this what you call "misfortune"?)
Congratulations on your second award.
Let's have a beef party!
Beef!
- I love beef.
- Let's have a beef party.
Wait a minute. Let me see.
- I can't believe this.
- He said "Let me see".
How could he talk like
that to the director?
- He's so stupid.
- He's stupid.
How stupid. How could you
talk like that to him?
- What a dumb.
- Misfortune...
never comes alone.
(Congratulations on
winning the 2nd awards.)
(They had to catch fish to avoid climbing.)
(He failed and had to climb an ice wall.)
(Make a firm meringue to
complete the mission.)
(He started the mission before Tae Hyun...)
(but failed.)
(Jong Min was always unlucky...)
(and it put him into trouble.)
The next award is Best Friend Award.
- Best Friend Award?
It's for a male guest who
had the best chemistry...
- with the members.
- A guest?
One of the nominees is...
Cha Soo Chan.
- What?
- That sounds funny.
- He is indeed a male.
- You surprised me.
I went on a family trip to Mount Seorak.
When we were on a cable car there,
people recognized him but not me.
He has a cute face.
- It's easy to notice him.
- He's cute.
He looks special.
Because of Soo Chan, we
couldn't keep it secret.
(He couldn't keep the family trip secret.)
- My goodness.
- Did he win fifth place?
Cantos was also nominated.
- The dog?
- Cantos.
- It's a male dog.
- He detects cigarettes.
He was really scary.
(Cantos joined them on "No Smoking Trip".)
Do you have any cigarettes?
No.
(He was very good at finding cigarettes.)
I don't have it.
One Night...
Two Days.
Gosh, you're good.
(The art student was
pretty good at anything.)
(5th place, Lee Seo Jin)
(Unlike his appearance, he was very naive.)
What should I do?
(One Night Two Days)
(Mr. Ugly who enjoyed the
wild without hesitation)
(4th in Best Friend Award, Park Seo Jun)
Since I met Seo Jun in that episode,
we've become very close.
- Right.
- He's a close friend.
- We're close.
- It's good to see him.
Seo Jun's been successful since then.
- I know.
- Things are going well.
(He's on a roll.)
- Then...
- We have one person left.
I'm sure I'll get to eat this time.
I saw this.
It's got the highest ratings, right?
It wasn't us though.
I get it.
- You do?
- Yes!
We'll definitely eat this time.
- Is that him?
- I have no idea.
I'm 100 percent sure.
You should write Ji Tae's name.
He's your friend.
I'd give up a bite and write his name.
Don't write, "I love you, Ji Tae."
- How did you know?
- Don't do that.
I'm not doing it.
I told you not to do such a thing.
You're being ridiculous.
Show me your answers. In 1, 2, and 3.
- It's him.
- I wrote Park Chan Ho.
The episode got like 40
percent of viewer ratings.
It was amazing. Jong Min,
you didn't write his name.
Zo In Sung was the best guest in Season 3.
It recorded the highest ratings.
I gave up to give the correct answer.
I chose friendship over a bite.
What does it say on the next page?
On the next page, it says Park Chan Ho.
And it says, "I'm sorry, Ji Tae."
- It's Ji Tae!
- Zo In Sung is third.
I see.
It's hard to see In Sung on variety shows.
I see him very often.
I'm tired of him.
(He was tricked into joining...)
(One Night Two Days by Tae Hyun.)
- Drunk guys?
- Anyway.
(In Sung was forgiven
no matter what he did.)
(This is too tight.)
(He gave off his charm
as much as he liked.)
The winner of Best Friend Award is...
(Is it the man we're thinking about?)
Park...
- Bo Gum.
- It's Bo Gum.
- That's right.
- Gosh, it's Bo Gum.
I didn't think of Bo Gum.
I'm so sorry.
- It was Bo Gum.
- Bo Gum.
Bo Gum even made Jong Min go on the rides.
He completely fell for Bo Gum.
(Jong Min had acrophobia.)
I can't do it.
(And Bo Gum came to Jong Min.)
It's four of us.
(With his warm words, he
melted Jong Min's heart.)
We won't get to try it together ever again.
Why are you doing this to me?
Gosh, Bo Gum, you brat.
(It was like Bo Gum's magic.)
(He brought about a change
in Jong Min's life.)
This is amazing.
Why didn't we think of Bo Gum?
(We're sorry, Bo Gum.)
The episode with Chan Ho was just as great.
(Chan Ho even went into
ice water in winter.)
(We could see the new side of him.)
If you search our show on the internet,
his name pops right out together.
- It was that good.
- Right. Mount Baekdu.
- It was impressive.
- Bo Gum's there too.
- The last question.
- Let's up the ante.
A chance for a bowl.
A chance for a bowl? Let's do that.
- All right.
- Good.
The last question is...
- Female guest.
- Best Female Guest Award.
Gosh, this is so hard.
Best Female Guest Award?
There was Kim Ha Neul...
in Actress Special.
We can't just pick one
person in Actress Special.
We've had a lot of amazing female guests.
But we have to pick one.
- I have one in my mind.
- Give me a hint.
- Give us a hint.
- I'll tell you fifth.
Fifth is...
Shin Ji.
- Shin Ji.
- I see. It's Shin Ji.
Shin Ji was amazing.
(Over the last 10 years,
she's been with Jong Min.)
(She's Jong Min's best friend...)
(who's appeared in the show the most.)
There was Girlfriend Special.
- Moon Geun Young.
- There was Geun Young.
- And Park Bo Young.
- Bo Young.
- There are a lot.
- Geun Young.
Fourth is Kim Ha Neul.
- Ha Neul.
- I see.
- Was Ha Neul in Season 2?
- No, in Season 1.
(Ha Neul was in Actress
Special of Season 1.)
(Giving off her innocent charm, )
(she showed the new side of her.)
Thank you.
(Ha Neul was beautiful
even with no makeup on.)
- That's amazing.
- Write your answer.
(Impressed)
(It's time to give an answer.)
- What?
- I told you fourth place.
- What about the third?
- No.
This is so easy.
- It's so obvious.
- I think...
Why are we hesitating?
We already mentioned her name a lot.
We've talked about her for a year.
I guess we should take it easy.
I still remember I won the
popularity vote then.
Who? I was the second.
I don't know. You just liked me.
(Embarrassed)
- Did I say that?
- You did.
You've misunderstood me since then.
It's not a misunderstanding.
- It's the truth.
- Exactly.
- It's okay to like me.
- All right.
- Are you done?
- Yes.
Show me your answers. In 1, 2, and 3.
She's always in our hearts.
- You don't have her name?
- Me?
Everyone says Han Hyo Joo.
I'm the only one who has
a different answer.
(Tae Hyun chose Bo Young.)
- Look at you.
- Bo Young?
Bo Young joined our show
even when she was sick.
Who did you write?
I'm feel apologetic to Bo Gum.
- Don't be sorry.
- We said her name a lot.
- It must be Hyo Joo.
- I know.
She's in our hearts.
But our viewers might think differently.
We had a lot of fun with You Jung though.
Right, You Jung!
(You Jung!)
It was a lot of fun when You Jung was here.
- She was so good.
- I didn't think of that.
Can I change my answer?
- She might be the winner.
- It must be You Jung.
(Kim You Jung joined
School Trip with Friends.)
(Making a fuss)
(She spent some quality
time with Jong Min.)
Please let me change my answer.
- You can do that.
- Change it.
Change it. You didn't like
Hyo Joo to begin with.
- You like Joon Young.
- She's just an obstacle.
You only like Joon Young.
He's so cool. He's a man
with his own beliefs.
He's never liked Hyo Joo the whole time.
You're right.
Let's do this with our own beliefs.
- You Jung!
- You changed it.
It's You Jung.
- You Jung.
- Let's do this.
I'll give you a chance
to change your answer.
- No, I won't change it.
- I won't be fooled.
All right. I'll announce the winner.
Third is...
Park Bo Young.
Bo Young is third.
(Disappointed)
- It's Bo Young.
- She's good though.
(Lovely Bo Young was in
Girlfriend Special.)
(She was a cute and lucky girl.)
Is there anyone here?
There are no reporters around here.
That's too bad.
(She's good at singing and dancing.)
(She's a talented actress
with a high-pitched tone.)
I'll tell you the top two nominees.
Han Hyo Joo who appeared in Season 3.
- I knew it.
- It's Hyo Joo.
And from Season 1...
- Is it Kim Su Mi?
- Choi Ji Woo?
- Choi Ji Woo.
- I see.
(I'm doomed.)
I knew it.
Why did you let me change my answer?
Why did you give me a chance to change it?
- He's never done that.
- Sit down.
That's not what he does.
You have no luck.
He's no luck at all.
No wonder I won the Misfortune Award.
(Jong Min is happy because of Joon Young.)
- He's unfortunate.
- This is so nice.
(It's the symbol of misfortune.)
- Let's continue.
- Announcing the winner.
The winner of Best Female Guest Award is...
- We kept saying her name.
- Right.
Ms. Han!
(Is the winner Hyo Joo?)
- Han Hyo Joo.
- Yes!
(The winner is Han Hyo Joo.)
(Disappointed)
- I knew it.
- Are you a fool?
(Ji Woo was so lovely in Actress Special.)
One Night Two Days!
(She jumped into the water by the book.)
(There's a touch of humanity about her.)
(She adapted herself to
the show being polite, )
(which surprised all the members.)
(Han Hyo Joo is the best
female guest ever.)
Hyo Joo, join our show
again if you watch this.
- We miss you.
- No more starch syrup.
- We really mean it.
- I won't add it again.
We'll give you a ride in a cultivator.
I'll give you a ride in
a tractor this time.
You mean this?
(Please come back again.)
The 4 of you get 1 bowl chance.
- One bowl chance!
- Nice.
- I'm starving.
- That's great.
This is delicious.
Pick this up and eat.
Is this an empty bowl? I'm so full.
Thank you for the meal. Thanks, Hyo Joo.
- It's good.
- Thank you.
Why wasn't You Jung there?
(Upset)
All right. The award ceremony is over.
Jong Min received two awards.
We want to give everyone else a trophy too.
So we'll hold Our Own Awards.
Please bring them out.
Does it say something?
Jong Min has three.
- Three trophies.
- You want us to pick.
You want us to choose.
The trophies each have
a member's name on it.
Let's be positive.
Let's go with something nice.
- Let's be nice this time.
- Yes.
Will Joon Ho go first?
I want to receive Best Dressed Award.
(We'll make your wish come true.)
Dirtiest Dresser Award.
(They changed the award in a second.)
- The dirtiest dresser.
- Wait.
Let's go with something positive.
Let's be positive.
(Laughing)
How about Smelly Award?
Odor Award?
How about Yellow Teeth Award?
Like the Golden Lion Award.
- Golden Teeth Award.
- Golden Teeth Award?
Yellow teeth.
Then give us a yellow marker.
Because we need to draw teeth here.
I didn't start this.
- Yellow Teeth Award.
- Odor Award.
- Fart Award?
Let's go with Red Skin Award.
- Red Skin.
- Red skin disease.
Red skin diseases is funny.
This is the same as that game.
- Without the trophy...
- It's "Your Flaws".
I'm fine. I'm neat these days.
"I'm neat these days."
- Let me see.
I'm getting whitening treatments.
Golden Teeth Award is just so perfect.
I think that's the best.
- That's it?
- Please write that down.
Actually I was angry before.
Because I didn't think they were yellow.
But after looking at
myself in the mirror...
(I realized they were yellow.)
This one tooth here.
He knows.
(Tae Hyun carefully completes the trophy.)
Thank you for Golden Teeth Award.
This would be the first of the kind...
- Nice.
- It's pure gold.
- I drew teeth on here.
- Okay.
(They present the first award as they hum.)
- Golden Teeth Award.
- Congratulations.
- Kim Joon Ho.
Thank you. I'd like to thank...
nicotine for making this possible.
(He has yellow teeth that are...)
(shinier than anyone else.)
(He is given this award
for making people laugh.)
("Golden Teeth" a poem by Kim Joon Ho)
This is nice, Mr. Golden Teeth.
- Great job.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- Please bite it.
(Biting)
I'm afraid this tooth might fall out.
- Congratulations.
- Thanks.
You aren't mad, are you?
No. This is nice.
I'm happy, very happy.
Defconn.
For Defconn...
- Let's meet the nominee.
- Defconn.
- There's nothing.
- We should...
do the boring ones first
and do Defconn last.
Golden Teeth Award was too funny.
You want me to write it?
Go with mine first.
I think you should go last.
We'll do Tae Hyun first.
Best Breeder Award.
(Best Breeder Award)
Wait a minute.
What do you mean by breeder?
- Breeder.
- Come here.
Breeder.
- Generations Award.
- Generations.
- Most Fertile Award.
- Best DNA Award.
Best DNA.
Most Fertile Award is the best.
- Most Fertile Award.
- That sounds substantial.
- Let's be detailed.
We need to increase the population.
He has three kids.
Tae Hyun will receive Most Fertile Award.
Congratulations.
For the sixth child.
- Congratulations.
- Yes.
(Most Fertile Award, Cha Tae Hyun)
(The Cha siblings are the seventh member.)
(The reliable son, Soo Chan)
(Daddy's girl, Tae Eun)
(The cute and cheerful Soo Jin)
(Tae Hyun is given this award...)
(for his lovely children.)
Until you have 4th, 5th, and 6th child.
Congratulations on being fertile.
Congratulations. Most Fertile Award.
How will I bring this home?
- Who's next?
- Let's do mine.
- Dong Gu.
- Dong Gu?
We should use his nickname.
- Dumb Gu Award.
- Dumb Gu. Bang Gu.
- Ddong Gu.
- No Fun Award.
(No Fun Award)
How about this? Seriously No Fun Award.
Seriously No Fun Award.
Seriously No Fun Documentary Award.
- Hardworking Award.
- He really works hard.
- Seriously No Fun...
We can make it a documentary award.
A documentary award.
Seriously No Fun Documentary Award.
It's a documentary award.
- Can we make it longer?
- Well...
There's not enough space.
I'll start from here.
- Seriously No Fun...
- Just tell me...
what you want me to write.
- Seriously No Fun...
- Okay.
- Documentary.
- Hardworking.
- Okay.
- That's good.
(The writing fills whole three sides.)
(Seriously No Fun Documentary...)
(Hardworking Award, Yoon Dong Gu)
- Congratulations.
- Yes.
This is the first time for me to not cry...
after receiving an award.
Thank you.
- That's understandable.
- Yes.
(Congratulations, Dong Gu.)
(After Dumb Gu...)
"Dong Gu doesn't need to try to be funny."
"Because it's boring when he does."
(He became No Fun Dong Gu.)
- Poor Dong Gu.
- Goodness.
"He's the funniest when
the others tease him."
"Dong Gu, good luck!"
(He was destined to be made fun of.)
- What next?
- Dong Gu!
(We'll tease him more fiercely!)
(He opened up a new documentary genre...)
(within a variety show.)
(We present this award
to hardworking Dong Gu.)
He works really hard.
(Seriously No Fun Documentary...)
(Hardworking Award, Yoon Dong Gu)
Let's do Joon Young.
Joon Young.
- Rascal.
- No, that's too cute.
That's too cute.
Hey, I got Golden Teeth Award!
Mine is Seriously No Fun Documentary Award.
Seriously No Fun Documentary Award.
I'm perfect, so there's almost no flaw.
- No.
- Dark Dry Anchovy.
Then...
Freedom Award.
- Free...
- Free Man Award.
Free...
Free... What's spirit in English?
- Free Soul.
- Soul?
(English is too hard for him.)
I suggest Filial Son Award.
I suggest Filial Son Award for Joon Young.
- What? Why?
- Filial Son Award.
That's so out of nowhere.
- Puppy Look Award.
- Doggy Look Award.
Doggy Look Award.
- Jong Min's Type Award.
- Hero Award?
Stealing Jong Min's Heart Award.
(His heart is racing.)
That's nice.
Goodness.
Jong Min's Wannabe Award.
How about Jong Min's Favorite Award?
Jong Min's Favorite Award.
- Jong Min's Favorite.
- That's not that great.
- Not great.
- It's the worst award.
Congratulations.
(Congratulations!)
Aren't you happy?
(Jong Min's Favorite Award, Joon Young)
You're getting this award thanks to me.
Give him a back hug.
Hug him from behind.
(They want a commemoration picture.)
Why are you embarrassed?
His ears are all red.
- My goodness.
- Gosh.
(They had hot chemistry in Jeju Island.)
(Joon Young is presented this award...)
(for making the viewers laugh.)
Jong Min's face turned red.
- Gosh.
- It's really red.
- It's Jong Min's turn.
- Me first.
Jong Min.
He should get 100th Day Party Award.
- 100th Day Party Award.
- 100th Day Party Award?
- Yes.
- 100th Day Party Award.
- That's good.
Kim Jong Min. - 100th Day Party Award.
Mine was very quick.
(100th Day Party Award, Kim Jong Min)
We walked out of the water after the dive.
We were all getting changed.
- I was shocked.
- Why?
Jong Min, like a baby at
his 100th-day party...
100th Day Party.
- 100th Day Party.
(A 100-day-old baby with leg hair)
He's a good baby.
He got so many awards.
Now let's do the main event.
What do you mean by main event?
Something about squid?
I Want to Kiss Award.
(This is why he's the main event.)
This is the final award!
(Hooray!)
- It's the main event!
- Nice.
I wrote that down. I Want to Kiss Award.
- I Want to Kiss Award.
- Will you write more?
Of course.
There's a lot of space.
He'll receive the most awards in history.
- I Want To Kiss Award.
- Never Been Kissed...
- Never Been Kissed?
Never Been Kissed Award.
- Write that one down.
- Chastity Award.
- Because he's chaste.
- Chastity Award is neat.
- Chastity Award.
- He's chaste.
Imaginary Boyfriend Award.
Imaginary Boyfriend Award?
- That rhymes.
- I know.
That's not a trophy.
(That's not an award.)
My goodness.
- It cost us a lot of money.
- Really?
It cost them a lot of money.
What were you thinking? My goodness.
I will fill up the last blank myself later.
(Let's stop now.)
You can write your first
girlfriend's name on it.
People will think this is real.
- Let's set up Defconn...
- Your first girlfriend.
On a blind date, not Jong Min.
- That's right.
- Here we go.
- Please take my picture.
- Gosh, this is annoying.
(Imaginary Boyfriend Award)
- Let's do it.
- Take three pictures.
- He won three awards.
- Thank you.
Way to go.
Defconn will stay as a single.
(He won't kiss anyone for the show.)
His character as a single is funny.
(He will stay as a single for the show.)
He's amazing. He'd do it for the viewers.
(He even has an imaginary girlfriend.)
(We present these awards
to our chaste Defconn.)
(I Want to Kiss Award, Chastity Award, )
(Imaginary Boyfriend Award)
Anyway, you've won at least one award each.
And...
(And?)
Among the winners, you will deliver...
- the trophy...
- Ourselves?
To only one of them.
- Gosh.
- Now?
- Now? Oh, later.
- Later.
Who are the winners? Bo Gum.
Hyo Joo. We should deliver it.
- We should.
- I can make time for it.
- I'll go.
- I'm the hardworking one.
I'll deliver it.
I'm chaste, so I'll go.
(Self-destruct)
Please pick 1 winner. Just 1.
- Ji Won, Hyo Joo, Bo Gum.
- Bo Gum.
- We should go to Bo Gum.
- It should be Hyo Joo.
You should deliver it to Ji Won.
- Ji Won?
- He misses our show,
so let's go to Ji Won.
(Do you remember?)
Has it been two years?
(He came to wake us up.)
(He still did crazy things, )
(but he did make us wide awake.)
Ji Won.
Okay, you can go then.
That's good.
All right, go ahead.
(Seriously No Fun Award, Yoon Dong Gu)
The winner of Seriously No Fun Award...
Why?
And Hardworking Award.
- Why do I have to go?
- Way to go, Dong Gu.
(It's typical.)
Keep working hard.
He really deserves those awards.
You're so hardworking.
It's settled.
- I'll go to Hyo Joo.
- Let's decide it.
Please pick one person...
you really want to deliver the trophy to.
1, 2, 3.
- Han Hyo Joo.
Okay.
Your voice was the loudest.
You shouted out her name.
Who will deliver it?
All right. You'll deliver
the trophy to Hyo Joo.
However, not everyone can go.
Do we have to win a game?
- Only one of you can go.
- My goodness.
If Dong Gu delivers it awkwardly,
it'd be the funniest.
Also, it'd look good if Dong Gyu goes.
- Who's Dong Gyu?
- I mean, Dong Gu.
Now, we'll play a game,
and the winner will...
deliver the trophy to Hyo Joo.
- It'd be awesome.
- I'm jealous already.
It's a simple game.
Throw it high.
("Don't Pop the Balloon")
(They'll catch the balloon
their opponent throws.)
(If the balloon pops, he loses the game.)
"Don't Pop the Balloon",
the winner will deliver
the trophy to Hyo Joo.
The winner will go to see Hyo Joo.
"The Way to Hyo Joo".
"The Way to Hyo Joo". Let's start the game.
("Don't Pop the Balloon")
Tae Hyun and Dong Gu will play first.
It's a ball game. Dong Gu might lose again.
It's a ball game indeed.
- Gosh, it's a ball game.
- Ball Gu.
- He's Ball Gu.
- Let's go!
- Here comes Ball Gu.
- Hey, Ball Gu.
Hardworking Ball Gu.
(He has all kinds of nicknames.)
- We'll start now.
- Let's go.
- Here we go.
It won't pop right away, right?
All right.
That was wonky.
He lost.
(What?)
(He lost to Ball Gu at once.)
(It's a lucky day for Dong Gu.)
Why? Why did it pop?
He's the most fertile one.
- The most fertile one.
- That's true.
- He's the most fertile.
- That's why it popped.
- The balloon popped.
- Of course.
The winner of Most Fertile
Award, Cha Tae Hyun.
(Most Fertile Award)
We all won the awards for a reason.
All right. Dong Gu moves
on to the semi-finals.
- My pants are all wet.
- It's this couple again.
What a nice couple.
Can I end the game at one go?
I'll beat you at once.
I have to go to see Hyo Joo.
Here we go.
I think he means it.
(I will be the one...)
(to gets to see Hyo Joo.)
I think he means it.
(Joon Young loses.)
You have to fall backward like Jong Min.
- Jong Min won.
- You must use your body.
You should catch it with your body.
All right. The pitcher is Kim Joon Ho.
No, don't do that.
- I'll throw it this way.
- No.
Don't do that.
(Today's pose of chastity)
He did it.
You looked very chaste.
(He takes the pose again.)
- Chastity Award.
- He looked chaste.
- That was good.
It might pop because of the microphone.
Go easy on him.
(Flinching)
(Heavy)
You looked chaste too.
(He gets ready to throw it upward.)
He's throwing it high. It'll pop this time.
(Anxious)
(He threw it too high that
it went out of the frame.)
(That's high!)
(Fly higher than anyone.)
(Surprised)
You should become a rugby player.
(He protected the balloon
with his chastity.)
I can't believe he did it.
Did you see it?
Maybe it's because he's
never hugged a girl.
That was his first hug.
(Chastity Award)
- That's how a hug feels.
- Stop it.
Here we go.
Let's go!
Here we go!
(He fires a cannon.)
That's crazy.
(Bombing)
- It didn't pop.
- He didn't lose.
(He flings it to the ground.)
- The balloon didn't pop.
- It didn't pop.
(It miraculously survived.)
It didn't pop. Goodness.
- Just throw it hard.
- You have no choice.
Hyo Joo.
- It'll pop now.
- Wait for me.
Upward?
(Take this.)
(Defconn fails to catch his fastball.)
Hyo Joo, wait for me!
I guess he really wanted to go.
It's coming to an end now.
(Dong Gu versus Jong Min versus Joon Ho)
Let's draw a triangle.
Let's throw it at the person you like.
That sounds fun.
Yes, if one of them loses,
it'll be the finals.
(I got it.)
Why are you signaling each
other with your faces?
It's because of my yellow teeth.
(That's a lousy excuse.)
Can I start now?
(Jong Min plays it in an
unbelievably smart way.)
(Dong Gu is lucky again.)
He somehow manages to catch it.
Go on. Throw it at him to make it funny.
(Dong Gu plays a trick too.)
- It looks strange.
- What's wrong with this?
What is this?
- It's a good balloon.
- What's that?
It has a strange shape.
Here we go.
Dong Gu!
(Dong Gu survives again.)
It won't pop. It's strange.
(Is it not going to pop forever?)
(Pop already!)
- All right.
- What?
(What?)
(He did catch it, )
(but the balloon slipped.)
(Dazed)
- It ended unexpectedly.
- He overdid it.
- It's the final game.
- Dong Gu might win.
I didn't interview her
well on the plane before.
I'll go and ask her all of
my questions this time.
All right.
- Wait for me.
- Dong Gu is doing great.
Will Dong Gu surprisingly win a ball game?
If I win this game,
it will be the most overwhelming thing.
Throw it low at first.
- Lightly.
- That's right.
(The rally goes on for
long as it's the finals.)
(Are they meerkats?)
It looks like a rugby ball.
(Why are you so good, Dong Gu?)
- Good job.
- You're good.
There he goes.
(It didn't pop yet.)
Goodness.
(Screaming)
What happened?
(The balloon becomes strange again.)
- It will pop soon.
- It will.
- That's right.
- It's the end.
It still didn't pop. It's persistent.
- That's interesting.
- Throw it hard.
(Will the water balloon
be on Dong Gu's side?)
(The balloon definitely popped.)
- Come on.
- What happened?
- Who won?
The water splashed on him.
- Did you record it?
- Who's the winner?
(Dong Gu loses.)
It's unclear. Did Dong Gu lose?
- Yes.
- Didn't Dong Gu lose?
- Jong Min barely won.
- How?
Right?
(He won anyway.)
Hyo Joo.
- It feels awkward.
- It's quite awkward.
- They can become friends.
It's a chance to become friends.
There's something more to
his meeting with Hyo Joo.
As Jong Min is the winner,
he'll deliver the trophy to Han Hyo Joo.
- Congratulations.
(It's worrisome.)
- You were so awkward.
- I know.
(He interviewed Hyo Joo last spring.)
(Now, Jeju Island, are
you wearing no makeup?)
(He stammers and dances instead.)
(She's flustered.)
(He gets macaron from friendly Hyo Joo.)
I felt so nervous.
(He blushes.)
There's another task for other members.
We've had guests from
the public on the show.
- Do you remember Ms. Kim?
- Right.
Joon Ho can go to Neubdari.
(Goodness)
- He can walk.
- Dong Gu.
- Let's go together.
- Only one person goes.
Don't you remember the ice?
- Neubdari?
- That was intense.
I prefer the water after
the mountain marathon.
We conducted a survey.
- Look at the result.
- There were teachers too.
I'll announce the fifth in rank.
The most memorable guest
on One Night Two Days.
Field Trip on Season 3.
- The Field Trip?
- The members...
I remember that.
Our school song was on the music charts.
- It was the club band.
- Right.
(Come out, students.)
(Fall of 2014)
(The members visit their alma mater.)
(Perfect collaboration of
students and the alumni)
(Someone remembers it...)
(as a competitive fight.)
All Star Teachers rank fourth.
The shoot ended the next morning.
They told us to sleep after the sunrise.
(Summer of 2014)
(Teachers gather on the
street of Geoje Island.)
(They're all men.)
(The teachers had strong characters.)
Would that be enough?
(He's an expert in janggu
dance and monologues.)
(Korean teacher Ko Young Seok)
(He made everyone explode in laughter.)
How was it to see it in person?
(He always stresses school rules.)
(Korean history teacher Kim Myung Ho)
(Will he also be strong?)
(Pull up more.)
(He falls.)
(He's not so strong.)
(Sighing)
This is fun.
(This is an unforgettable scene.)
Number three, Kim Dong Wan.
(He calls each of his student.)
(The strict teacher's big
love for his students)
Number nine, Park Gun Ho.
(It's easy to forget...)
(the love of a genuine teacher.)
Number 32, Hwang Yoo Tae. That's it.
All right.
(All Star Teacher Special)
3rd place was in Season 1.
It's Foreign Worker Special.
That was so moving.
- I cried so much then.
- I know.
Ho Dong cried a lot during that time.
- It gives me the chills.
- I bet many people cried.
Right. It still gives me the chills.
(Winter of 2010)
(It's a special Christmas present.)
(They're curious and full of expectations.)
- What's that?
- What is it?
(It may be familiar.)
Is it a movie?
(However, it's unfamiliar to the members.)
(Home of foreign workers)
- Hello.
Hello.
That's his daughter.
(And...)
(Those who waited for them desperately)
(They're the family.)
He's here.
(It was almost impossible
to see each other.)
(The faces that they missed)
(It was a moment when...)
(they recognized that we're all the same.)
(While watching them, )
(everyone cried together.)
(Foreign Worker Special)
It's voted by 14 percent. It was Season 3.
Countryside Diary, Grandmother in Gimje.
We remember many grandmothers.
Long time no see.
(Fall of 2014)
(Confident ladies welcome the members.)
(They ignore the members from the start.)
(They're intrigued by a new object.)
(Is it a cicada?)
(After a short introduction, )
(they welcome the members
to their daily life.)
(By the way, what's your name?)
(Degupoon?)
(That's why you're big.)
That's right.
(Everything is good about him...)
(except that he's weak.)
(Tae Hyun gets a task
to build a dog house.)
He drew out the plan.
(He even made the design.)
My husband did.
(He's amazed.)
(Ta-da)
(Is this what you want?)
- This is it.
- Right.
(They become close instantly.)
(Some eat rice, and some
eat sweet potatoes.)
(Intrigued)
(It's a rap.)
(Say ho!)
(They help with work and
share a good time.)
(Countryside Diary, Grandmother in Gimje)
This is fun.
Do you know which placed first?
- What is it?
- It received 21 percent.
- Wait.
- Guess which it is.
- Wait a minute.
- Let me think.
- Most memorable guest.
- Guest?
Isn't that it?
- Is it Viewer Tour?
- Viewer Tour?
Viewer Tour is voted by 21 percent.
Is it Viewer Tour?
(Three episodes of a
special trip with viewers)
(Everyone regardless of age)
(Regardless of occupation)
(We were with those we're grateful for.)
- One Night.
- Two days.
(Viewer Tour on One Night Two Days)
- One Night.
- Two Days.
Awesome.
Five members other than Jong Min...
who will deliver the trophy to Hyo Joo.
You'll play a game to determine...
to where you'll make a delivery.
- Do we draw lots?
- Yes.
Do we draw them?
Neubdari must be one of the destinations.
- I think so.
- That's right.
(What about Asian black
bear in Mount Jiri?)
(Add halfway point of mountain marathon.)
Open up the paper 1 by 1.
What do you have, Dong Gu?
Follow one member.
Except for Hyo Joo.
(I thought names were written on it.)
(He seems to be happy.)
Except Hyo Joo, he said.
Choose one whom you want to go with.
Choose the one whom you
think will be lucky.
(Then I will choose Joon Ho.)
Gimbap.
- Gimbap.
I'll surely have something to film.
We'll have enough footage.
It's difficult to fit his schedule.
It's too hard to fit your schedule.
Good luck with gimbap.
Good luck, Mr. Gimbap.
Let me show you mine. Mine
says "except Hyo Joo" too.
Well, that's not surprising.
Please open it.
- "Follow one member".
Will it be three people then?
It will be three people in the team.
- I...
- This is funny.
I think I can be your good partner.
I have a good feeling. Come to me.
Joon Young isn't so lucky these days.
He's also unlucky.
What are you saying? I always win games.
He's unlucky.
I'll pick Tae Hyun.
It's safe to choose him.
I'd like to go with Tae Hyun.
Come here. We're now in the same team.
What if he has got the same mission?
What if we all got the same mission?
(Maybe we all got the same mission.)
What about Hyo Joo then?
Maybe the last one tells
you to follow Hyo Joo.
We can all go meet Hyo Joo then.
(Was that what this was all about?)
I'm going to open mine.
There is something in mine.
Something big.
The letters are big.
What is it? Show us. 1, 2, 3.
- 1, 2, 3.
- Share with us.
- Open it.
- What is this?
There's a question mark.
- Open it.
- What is it?
- Keep opening.
- What is that?
What does a question mark on a person mean?
A question mark means...
Defconn can meet one of the guests we had.
- I wish I chose him.
- That's a good one.
It doesn't matter if
it's a celebrity or not.
- Really?
- It's so good.
Any of the guests we had.
Defconn, go to Washington to meet Roy.
Go to Washington.
- Defconn.
- I told you.
I told you we should choose Defconn!
I'm free from them!
How about visiting Bo Gum?
It's...
- It's Joon Young's turn.
- His is amazing.
- What's written in it?
- What does it say?
This is amazing.
My goodness.
What was that?
I saw "all six members".
It's written "all six members".
- Calm down.
- I saw the first letter.
Do you think you drew a wrong one?
It was "Gim".
- Gimje?
Is it Gimje?
- 1, 2, 3!
Visit all six grandmothers in Gimje.
Give them presents to
show our appreciation.
Visit one grandmother to help her out.
- Yes!
- Kim Joon Ho!
- I'm happy for him.
I'm so jealous.
That was surprising.
It's our 10th anniversary, isn't it?
- But...
- How nice it is.
I told you I wanted to visit them.
But if he's visiting them,
I can't visit them.
I'm so jealous you're going to meet them...
although helping them
with work might be tough.
Now, we have two people left.
Please.
- Please.
- The letters are big.
- Neubdari.
What's on it?
A person plus a person?
(What does this mean?)
Visit two guests you can think of...
Let's go to my place and
meet Tae Eun and Soo Chan.
They are the best guests!
He has the best one.
They can meet both guests at once.
Visiting 1 place is
deemed visiting 1 person.
That sounds fair.
Then...
let's go to my place and...
have lunch with Tae Eun and Soo Chan first.
Then let's go either meet Bo Gum...
- or In Sung.
- That sounds good.
Choose anyone you like.
Okay, that sounds good.
We can meet Bo Young on the way.
(We can stop by at Bo Young's place.)
Please draw 10 people on our card.
We will meet Bo Young and...
- Is it okay...
- Let's visit 10 people.
For us to follow you guys?
Can we just follow you?
Let's go meet Hyo Joo together.
Theirs look better.
You're not going to meet
Hyung Don, are you?
It has to be one of our guests.
Defconn, have you made up your mind?
- I haven't yet.
- I see.
I'll take my time.
All right.
(Please look forward to
their delivery service.)
I told you I'm lucky.
- I am lucky.
- We're so lucky.
(Lastly, they got comments
from the viewers.)
They're really focused.
"Dong Gu is made up of
one percent charm..."
"and 99 percent clumsiness."
It doesn't matter as long
as you are good-looking.
He's a clumsy man.
"Joon Ho is a mirror ball."
"Once the switch is on, he goes childish."
He is childish.
- A mirror ball?
- Yes, a mirror ball.
"Tae Hyun is an accelerator."
"When one member starts a joke,"
"he accelerates it by joining."
- That's so true.
- He makes it funnier.
It's all because of you.
It's because of you!
He's the problem.
You're the host.
You make things bigger.
Whenever I try to make some jokes,
he always comes and joins.
I didn't know I was doing that.
He's like a parasite.
Are you a host or what?
"Defconn is a cute man who is serious."
"Not like his weight,"
"he has a lot of concerns
like a little bird."
I think it's charming.
It's cute everyone makes
fun of him being a single.
I agree.
- I see.
- We know it.
Thank you.
"Joon Young is CA."
"He's crazy but attractive."
(Joon Young is crazy but attractive.)
I can't read it myself.
- Dong go.
- Read it for him.
Dong Gu, please read it in a small voice.
"Jong Min's a wild ginseng
that is 10 years old."
"There is a big difference between..."
"a 1-year-old ginseng and
a 10-year-old ginseng."
"Jong Min has been constantly..."
"doing well for 10 years
and it finally paid off."
"That's why I defined him
as a 10-year-old ginseng."
(I defined him as a 10-year-old ginseng.)
Thank you.
- That's touching.
- Thank you.
- Give him a big hand.
Thank you so much.
(They reply back to the viewers.)
Thank you so much for giving us love.
We promise we will work harder to make...
our show even funnier and even better.
Remember the members forever.
We will do our best. Thank you.
- Thank you.
(Remember the members forever.)
- This is heartwarming.
- It's heartwarming.
- Congratulations.
Congratulations.
(Next week)
(You have grown a lot.)
(The cute Cha siblings are back.)
(Could you please calm down and sit down?)
(The Cha siblings are...)
(quite stubborn.)
(They don't care about
others but their dad.)
(I was wrong.)
(Will they get to properly
express gratitude?)
(There is one more guest
to be grateful to.)
(Under Dongjakdaegyo Bridge?)
(Who is this man who
came running for them?)
(They go visit people they
miss and appreciate.)
("Lucky One Night Two Days")
(See you next week.)
("My Turn" by The Unit)
("The Unit")
("Missing You" by BtoB)
("Move" by Tae Min)
(Happy Sunday)